**Pokémon Shiny Tracker** is an Android application that offers Pokémon players an intuitive way to log their shiny hunts across all mainline Pokémon games. Each shiny hunt log can track various details such as the number of encounters, hunting method, game of origin, game of current residence, and starting/completion dates. The app also features various sorting and filtering methods for quick searching through saved hunts and images of every shiny Pokémon (including different forms) for easy reference while shiny hunting.

### What is "Shiny Hunting"?
In Pokémon games, "shiny" Pokémon are essentially just Pokémon with an alternate color palette from their usual form. This difference is purely cosmetic and offers no gameplay advantage. Although the probability of encountering a shiny Pokémon can vary based on many in-game factors, the odds of encountering a shiny Pokémon are typically very low. Despite their rarity, many Pokémon players dedicate themselves to collecting shiny Pokémon. "Shiny hunting" refers to intentionally encountering Pokémon repeatedly until a shiny variant is encountered.

### Why did I make this app?
A lot of shiny hunters, such as myself, like to track the number of encounters it takes to find each of their shiny Pokémon. Previously, I utilized a generic tally app to accomplish this, but it became very limiting. After shiny hunting for a few years across many different Pokémon games, it's become difficult to keep track of where all my shiny Pokémon are located. I thought it would be handy if I could keep track of more information than just the number of encounters. Thus, I created this passion project as a tool, not just for myself, but for all shiny hunters to log their shiny hunts in a more convenient manner.
